hey there guys her back for part 2 of
let's play the original Dragon's Lair on
the Sega CD this will feature the smithy
room first off maybe I'm a feeling it
killed me in my paws so I might only
have two lives now
oh crap and Luke truly no it didn't kill
me hey for some reason just decide to
restart the room anyways let's find it
again without moving too early
kill the sword kill the mace Raleigh
kill the spear and kill the smithy now
for the next room the Lizard King that
you guys might remember as being a
complete dick hole and he is an evil
geniuses let's play of the nes version
he's a complete dick hole in this
version too because the last part of
this encounter is really freaking hard
this part is easy it's the left and then
a bunch of rights because you can't do
anything because your sword is missing
okay now up swing left right down attack
got it I usually screw that up at least
once
what's this one ah Crips up swing up
again swing again left and kill the
crypt creeps victory is ours see this
game isn't as hard as most of you guys
made it look in the few videos I found
out there this is another timing puzzle
yet the hit up after dirt ducks three
times one two three
otherwise you get down then up if you
don't time it right you get knocked
through the wall
this room is annoying okay it's the left
version up away from the pits notice
that it screws up which version of the
room they're looking at a few times in
this this attack the spider don't hit
right or you will die if you hit the
direction towards the door away from the
pit it counts as your move for like the
smashers and will kill you no this
fucking room back up left if you go up
there you get a special death sequence
of Dirk getting caught in a cage which
isn't really worth mentioning the Black
Knight not the Monty Python Black Knight
either this guy will kill you pretty
easy oh yeah I do is jump away from the
spikes and then hit right once more here
and they this room is hard because you
have to be really quick away from the
fire down and I was too slow
let's try that again
way down up left I hate that room that
down and then off has to be really fast
and this is a new level set this sword
right at the beginning is tricky but
after that this room is pretty easy
every other move is up except when you
fucked up like I did there
I hit it too early and here's the
crumbling bone the sequence they took
out all the resurrections for some
reason but they kept the crumbling bones
in okay since this isn't really a
repeating let's try this again okay huh
this don't hit it too early and you're
fine the mud men are completely
invincible this was kept up during the
short run cartoon as well they were
invincible there I think I'm getting
close to the end this one I moved to
early again dammit I'm getting jumpy
note that this game actually does get
harder as you get further into it the
timing for that last moves there as make
sure you move all the geyser is down
that should be fairly obvious and the
river sequence may actually cut a part
of this out there was a boulder sequence
before the rapids here you sit off when
you get into a lighter water easy enough
and then the next world the whirlpools
this just move away from the whirlpool
which is pretty boring and then after
the whirlpools there is one last move
which is grab the chain
and guess what goons you've made it to
the dragon's lair
I'm going to make this its own video
because this scene is a total bitch and
I can't play ahead to practice because I
have to place a little whole game again
to get here to be able to record it so
I'm going to cut this off here and we
will come back next time for the
showdown with singe later y'all